# prompt.md

I was assigned to create an app by my professor for an app development class project. The app needs to include text with the following: a custom typeface; at least three types of text; title; heading; body or subheading; heading set in an accent color; and apply padding and line spacing. I will need to include images too, which I will upload and insert myself. For the layout, which will very likely be a card, I will need to include three elements (elements as in text, images, etc.) on the screen, within the layout, grouped into a VStack - there will be multiple of these cards. Group the cards into its own scrollable VStack using ScrollView.

For this project, I will be working with lists, specifically, on potato dishes. My chosen potato dishes are: French fries, mashed potatoes, baked potatoes, funeral potatoes, roasted potatoes, scalloped potatoes, potato chips, and hash browns.

This project will consist of 2 views: a list view (as the ContentView), and detail views for each individual list item (i.e. there should be 7 detail views for each potato dish I decided to include). For the list view, arrange the selected potato dishes into a list, and have each list item include an image (which I will add myself), and 2 text elements: a title (of the dish name) and a short description (which I will also add myself). This project include a NavigationView and a NavigationLink - those will be used so that I could tap on each list item from the list view and have it take me to the respective detail view (i.e. if I tap on the “French fries” list item in the list view, it should take me to the detail view giving me an overview of French fries”). Keep the list view simple; the detail views of each potato dish are arranged into a card.

For each item’s detail view, there should be at least 3 pieces of information about the selected item - I will include the potato dish name, its respective image, its short description, and an external link to a recipe - make the link a hyperlink (I will add the actual links to the recipes myself - have each hyperlink currently link to [www.google.com](http://www.google.com) as placeholders).

Each detail view card will have interactivity options. For this project, users will be able to submit their own ratings and comments, and favorite a list item. Keep it to one user, and no user accounts, for the scope of this project. In this project, ratings will be using the star SF Symbol and can be fully-filled or half-filled. The option to favorite a list item will only be on the detailed view; on the list view, there will be a symbol indicating the respective item is favorited - and if it’s not favorited, there will be no symbol. For the comments, there will be a text box, and a button to submit when done.

I will also include category tags - the tags will be visible on each list item’s detail view and color coded. The categories I will be using will be are: “baked”, “fried”, “casserole”, “snack”. The colors of the tags can be random (I can change them later if desired). The tags are interactive - when I tap on a tag, it should take me to a list view of all the potato dishes of the respective category (not the full list view shown on ContentView): e.g. if I tap to view the detail view of baked potato, it will have the “baked” tag; then when I tap on the “side dish” tags from there, it will take me to a list that displays baked potato, funeral potatoes, and scalloped potatoes (i.e. these dishes will have the “baked” tag) - do the same for the other category tags.

Keep it to 3 views/files: ContentView (the list view), DishDetailView (the detailed view for each list item), and TagView (for when tags are tapped).
